workers: fix typo (#16220)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workers/configuration/cron-triggers.mdx

Cron Triggers are ideal for running periodic jobs, such as for maintenance or calling third-party APIs to collect up-to-date data. Workers scheduled by Cron Triggers will run on underutilized machines to make the best use of Cloudflare's capacity and route traffic efficiently.

:::note

> Cron Triggers can also be combined with [Workflows](/workflows/) to trigger multi-step, long-running tasks. You can [bind to a Workflow](/workflows/build/workers-api/) from directly from your Cron Trigger to execute a Workflow on a schedule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also combine Cron Triggers with [Workflows](/workflows/) to trigger multi-step, long-running tasks. You can [bind to a Workflow](/workflows/build/workers-api/) from directly from your Cron Trigger to execute a Workflow on a schedule.
```
